update docs to reflect new css custom state syntax (#31258)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/customstateset/index.md

## Instance methods

- {{domxref("CustomStateSet.add()")}} {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Adds a value to the set, first checking that the _value_ is a `<custom-ident>`.

Reviewer: As above, does it check? Either way, at this level I don't think we need to mention this.
```suggestion
  - : Adds a value to the set.
```

### Interaction with CSS

Developers can select a custom element with a specific state using its state _custom state pseudo-class_.

> The format of this pseudo-class is `:state(mystatename)`, where -mystatename` is the state as defined in the element.

Reviewer 2: Typo `` -mystatename` `` should be `` `mystatename` `` (replacing `-` with `` ` ``)

> > **Warning:** Chrome supports the legacy syntax which uses a CSS `<dashed-ident>` rather than the `:state()` function. For these browsers `:state(mystatename)` would be invalid, and `:--mystatename` must be used instead.
> 
> The custom state pseudo-class matches the custom element only if the state is `true` (i.e. if `mystatename` is present in the `CustomStateSet`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The custom state pseudo-class matches the custom element only if the state is `true` (i.e. if `mystatename` is present in the `CustomStateSet`).

> **Warning:** Chrome supports the legacy syntax which uses a CSS `<dashed-ident>` rather than the `:state()` function. For these browsers `:state(mystatename)` would be invalid, and `:--mystatename` must be used instead.
```

> > **Warning:** Chrome supports the legacy syntax which uses a CSS `<dashed-ident>` rather than the `:state()` function. For these browsers `:state(mystatename)` would be invalid, and `:--mystatename` must be used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** Chrome supports a deprecated syntax that selects custom states using a CSS `<dashed-ident>` rather than the `:state()` function.
For information about how to support both approaches see the [Compatibility with `<dashed-ident>` syntax](compability_with_dashed-ident_syntax) below.
```

## Examples

### Labeled Checkbox

This example, which is adapted from the specification, demonstrates a custom checkbox element that has an internal "checked" state.
This is mapped to the `checked` custom state, allowing styling to be applied using the `:state(checked)` custom state pseudo class.

#### JavaScript

First we define our class `LabeledCheckbox` which extends from `HTMLElement`.
In the constructor we call the `super()` method, leaving most of the "work" to `connectedCallback()`, which is invoked when a custom element is added to the page.
The content of the element is defined using a `<style>` element to be the text `[]` or `[x]` followed by a label.

> What's noteworthy here is that the custom state pseudo class is used to select the text to display: `:host(:state(checked))::`.

Reviewer: Right? - i.e. `::` is not part of the selector we're talking about here.
```suggestion
What's noteworthy here is that the custom state pseudo class is used to select the text to display: `:host(:state(checked))`.
```

          font-family: monospace;
        }
       :host::before { content: '[ unknown ]'; white-space: pre; }

>        :host(:loading)::before { content: '[ loading ]' }

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be `:host(:state(loading))` instead of `:host(:loading)`?

#### CSS

> In the CSS we use the three custom state pseudo classes to select CSS for each of the internal state values: `:loading`, `:interactive`, `:complete`.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't these be `:state(loading)`, `:state(interactive)`, `:state(complete)`?

{{EmbedLiveSample("Non-boolean internal states", "100%", 50)}}

> ## Compability with legacy syntax

Reviewer: Legacy is a dangerous term to use in evolving docs (unless you're sure we'll never have a new revision)

```suggestion
## Compability with `<dashed-ident>` syntax
```

> The older legacy custom state syntax required a `<dashed-ident>` instead of the `:state()` function. Browsers supporting only the legacy syntax will throw an error when supplied with an ident that is not prefixed with the double dash. If support for these browsers is required, it is possible to use a `<dashed-ident>` in the modern syntax, and selecting with both the `:--mystate` and `:state(mystate)` CSS selector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously custom elements with custom states were selected using a `<dashed-ident>` instead of the `:state()` function. Browsers supporting only this syntax will throw an error when supplied with an ident that is not prefixed with the double dash. If support for these browsers is required, it is possible to use a `<dashed-ident>` in the modern syntax, and selecting with both the `:--mystate` and `:state(mystate)` CSS selector:
```

> Previously custom elements with custom states were selected using a `<dashed-ident>` instead of the `:state()` function. Browsers supporting only this syntax will throw an error when supplied with an ident that is not prefixed with the double dash. If support for these browsers is required, it is possible to use a `<dashed-ident>` in the modern syntax, and selecting with both the `:--mystate` and `:state(mystate)` CSS selector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously custom elements with custom states were selected using a `<dashed-ident>` instead of the [`:state()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:state) function.
Browsers that don't support `:state()`, including versions of Chrome, will throw an error when supplied with an ident that is not prefixed with the double dash.
If support for these browsers is required, it is possible to use a `<dashed-ident>` as the state's `<custom-ident>`, and select it with both the `:--mystate` and `:state(mystate)` CSS selector:
```

{{EmbedLiveSample("Non-boolean internal states", "100%", 50)}}

## Compability with `<dashed-ident>` syntax

Previously custom elements with custom states were selected using a `<dashed-ident>` instead of the [`:state()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:state) function.
Browsers that don't support `:state()`, including versions of Chrome, will throw an error when supplied with an ident that is not prefixed with the double dash.

> If support for these browsers is required, it is possible to use a `<dashed-ident>` as the state's value, and select it with both the `:--mystate` and `:state(mystate)` CSS selector:

Reviewer: Last one - if we name the state with a dashed ident we'll have to match against that dashed ident.
```suggestion
If support for these browsers is required, it is possible to use a `<dashed-ident>` as the state's value, and select it with both the `:--mystate` and `:state(--mystate)` CSS selector:
```

Reviewer: @keithamus I'm going to assume this and merge - as this PR is now blocking my work on the `:state()` CSS. However would appreciate your review of this bit and we could come back to it in another PR if think worthwhile.

Author: You’re quite right here. I’ll follow up with a PR that switches these two around unless you beat me to it.

Author: The point I think I was trying to make in these is that if you call states.add(‘foo’) it’ll be backwards incompatible, so you need a dashed-ident, and then you can select it in css. Otherwise the arguably preferable option is to try/catch and then you can select for the dashed-ident or state(foo). (On mobile so I hope this makes sense).

Reviewer: Thanks @keithamus - I'll try get to this in the coming week if you don't beat me to it.. And yes, I got your point!
